Update skip level section (#1111)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/company/team/nick.md

A skip level 1-1 is between me and someone who I indirectly manage (e.g. the person reports to a person that I manage).

As our department continues to grow, I want to regularly check in with our teammates to keep a pulse on what is happening.

These 1-1s are intended to be casual and informal conversations to build deeper relationships, for me to listen, gather your feedback and insights, and discuss anything top of mind for you. These are not intended for status updates.

> If you receive a calendar invite from me but you need to change the date/time or you prefer not to meet, please update the invite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive a calendar invite from me but you need to change the date/time or you prefer not to meet, please just let me know or update the invite directly.
```

> If you want to meet more frequently, please schedule time on my calendar or reach out to [Michal](../../../data/team.yml#michal-sennett) to help schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to meet more frequently, please schedule time on my calendar or reach out to [Michal](index.md#michal-sennett) to help schedule.
```

> If you receive a calendar invite from me but you need to change the date/time or you prefer not to meet, please just let me know or update the invite directly.
> 
> If you want to meet more frequently, please schedule time on my calendar or reach out to [Michal](index.md#michal-sennett) to help schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to schedule so time to chat, feel free to send a calendar invite or reach out to [Michal](index.md#michal-sennett) to help schedule.

If you receive a calendar invite from me but you need to change the date/time or you prefer not to meet, you can update the invite directly or let [Michal](index.md#michal-sennett) know.
```

A skip level 1-1 is between me and someone who I indirectly manage (e.g. the person reports to a person that I manage).

These 1-1s are an opportunity to build deeper relationships, for me to listen, gather your feedback and insights, and discuss anything top of mind for you.

Engineering Managers and Engineers will receive calendar invites from me throughout the year. If you want to meet more frequently:

1. Find a time on my calendar that is open and send me a calendar invite.

> 2. Include as much context as is relevant so that I can prepare for the 1-1 if necessary.

Reviewer: Reduce to please either put something directly on my calendar or reach out to Michal to help schedule
